Title: Accounts Receivable Credit and Chargeback Analyst
Job ID: AVON170
Display Job ID: AVON170|AN-AST-88898
Client: The Cosmetic Company A
Industry: Cosmetics
Category: Finance
Experience Level: Experienced
Location Type: Hybrid
Work From Anywhere: No
SUMMARY:
AR Credit and Chargeback Analyst should have a strong understanding of accounting principles, customer service, analytical and dispute resolution skills. This role requires attention to detail, excellent communication skills, and the ability to work collaboratively with others to achieve business objectives. This is a contract role that will be working a hybrid schedule with 3 days onsite in the NY, NY office. Regular schedule (Monday thru Friday, 9 AM to 6 PM) with occasional additional availabilities This position reports to the Sr. Finance Manager
RESPONSIBILITIES:
Perform cash application and collection functions Review & release credit hold sales orders Maintain customer master such as setting up a new customer and update customers’ information Reviewing and analyzing customer accounts to identify discrepancies and chargebacks. Investigating customer disputes, billing issues, and chargebacks to determine the root cause and appropriate resolution. Working closely with internal teams such as Sales, Warehouse and Finance to resolve customer disputes and issues. Collaborating with customers to collect outstanding payments, negotiate payment terms, and resolve billing disputes. Maintaining accurate records of customer account information, payment history, and dispute resolution activities. Creating and maintaining reports to track key performance metrics such as DSO (Days Sales Outstanding), aging receivables, chargeback rates, AFDA and any sales deduction related items. Developing and implementing policies and procedures to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of the AR Credit and Chargeback function. Staying up-to-date with industry trends and best practices related to AR Credit and Chargeback management. Performs other duties as assigned
REQUIREMENTS:
N/A
SKILLS:
- Concur
- JD Edwards (JDE)