Title: Administrative Assistant
Job ID: AVON102
Display Job ID: AVON102|AN-AST-49866
Client: The Cosmetic Company A
Industry: Cosmetics
Category: Admin & Clerical
Experience Level: Entry Level
Location Type: Onsite
Work From Anywhere: No
SUMMARY:
The Administrative Assistant is responsible to assist the Sales Center Manager in ensuring the following functions of the Sales Center: customer service, scheduling, billing, events, and the retail portion of the operation are running efficiently and following both MSC and Avon Policies. Monitor KPIs to reach Sales Goals. Maintain Vendor's information up to date. Cash Office Management: Daily Bank Deposits, Bank Reconciliation and Daily Cash Report Shift - Monday to Friday, 9:30 AM to 6:00 PM EST
RESPONSIBILITIES:
Ensure that each customer receives outstanding service by providing a friendly environment, which includes greeting and acknowledging every customer, maintaining outstanding standards, solid product knowledge and all other aspects of customer service. · Deep understanding of products, promotions, and advertisements. · Deep understanding of Company Policies and Store Policies. · Ensure to adhere to all company policies, i.e. dress code, locker usage, absenteeism and tardiness…etc. · Ensure that all materials needed for the task performed within the department are readily available and stocked. · Keeping detailed and accurate records of funds received in retail establishment. · Daily deposits, account reconciliations, auditing and reporting. · Preparing Internal Control document reports · Preparing Internal Control documents for the Express Department. · Searches records to assist in locating and reconciling posting errors on customers’ invoices. Emails the CIC Center and responds to questions regarding lost shipments, incorrect charging of products, etc. Audits all receiving manifests to ensure accurate record keeping of receipts into the POST system. Ensures that all internal controls are kept on file and submitted quarterly through the Internal Control Tool (online). · Entering Manifests of Receiving products through POST System · Responsible for Cycle Count Adjustments · Process billing through E1 System · Work closely with 1900 Top Producers and LABC Team · Placing Orders through E1 System
REQUIREMENTS:
Requirements: · Bilingual Requirement: English/Spanish · Customer Services Oriented. Ability to use Microsoft Excel, Word, and PowerPoint. · DATA ENTRY - Ability to operate a 10-key and type 50 WPM · Minimum of three-five years experience in Sales Environment, Office Experience. · Strong verbal and written skills. Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite. Ability to organize tasks and events with customer service orientation. · Physical ability to move and handle boxes of merchandise up to 50 lbs. Skills and Competencies: · Ability to communicate with associates, customers, and management. · Ability to research and use the analytical skill for problem-solving. · Ability to use a calculator and strong numerical analysis skills. Ability to troubleshoot technical issues within the Mainframe and POST systems. Ability to multitask. Ability to speak, read, and write in English Preferred ability to speak, read and write in Spanish Ability to count and understand sequential numerations Ability to create presentations.​ Position Qualifications: · High School Diploma/G.E.D. or equivalent experience · Associates degree is a plus · Bilingual: English – Spanish · Computer Literate: Proficient in Microsoft Word, Excel, and PowerPoint. ERP Systems. · At least 3 years experience in a retail environment dealing with cash Candidate must be completely vaccinated for COVID 19
SKILLS:
None listed