Title: Billing Analyst- Customer Billing
Job ID: SJI169
Display Job ID: SJI169|SJI-SJI-91209
Client: The Oil & Gas Company
Industry: Oil & Energy
Category: Accounting
Experience Level: Experienced
Location Type: Remote
Work From Anywhere: Yes
SUMMARY:
The Billing Analyst will review and analyze Commercial and Industrial rate structures for Elizabethtown Gas (ETG) largest customers. Candidates must have prior Oracle CCB experience in the Utilities industry to be considered.
RESPONSIBILITIES:
• Understanding of CC&B and Natural Gas billing • Understand underlying Utility transportation business • Understand meter multipliers and impact to billing- analyze variances in the meters for billing structures • Will need to be able to process industrial/large commercial meter changes and sets – i.e. when a meter is physically changed in the field the billing is impacted- Analyst will assist in replacing old meter data with the new meter data. • Will need to monitor and edit Interval meter data. Large customers dial in their usage on a daily basis so Analyst will review the data sets and explore trends in the field • Will need to analyze monthly usage and determine if meters are not measuring accurately and work with measurement department to get meters and devices replaced or repaired. • Process 939 orders (field orders) into CC&B in a timely manner. Meter, device changes and calibrations need to be analyzed for usage discrepancy and processed into CC&B. • RFA's and TODO related to Transportation account billing • Third party supplier inquiries - Ability to analyze customer usage and billing data and provide feedback to supplier. • Third party supplier payments for consolidated billing. Ability to analyze customer bill and payment data and provide feedback to supplier. • Calculate stopped meter adjustments -analyze historical data and provide and invoice an estimate of non-registering usage. Assist with forecasting usage projections. • Early Warning Review to analyze consumption for Supply department
REQUIREMENTS:
• 3+ years of Customer Billing and Utilities experience • Excellent analytical/problem solving and resolution skills. • Strong written and verbal communication skills with a demonstrated ability to effectively build relationships with both internal and external stakeholders. • Knowledge of utility customer information, billing, and meter data usage is required • Oracle Utility CC&B experience is strongly preferred but not required. • Advanced MS Office and Excel skills
SKILLS:
None listed