Title: Business Project Manager
Job ID: SJI284
Display Job ID: SJI284|SJI-SJI-92403
Client: The Oil & Gas Company
Industry: Oil & Energy
Category: Management
Experience Level: Experienced
Location Type: Hybrid
Work From Anywhere: No
SUMMARY:
The Program Manager will be reporting to the Project Manager Lead on the Enterprise Team. The ideal candidate will have experience running acquisition programs, high volume of work streams across the organization with high level milestones identified, experience in creating very granular project plans, working closely with the integrations in current IT plans - Prior exp. using PM Software, SJI willing to train ServiceNow Able to go onsite for meetings with project teams and key stakeholders. A drive of 2 hrs. is acceptable. The team will consider 100% remote for a non-local candidate that has a large offering of experience in acquisitions.​
RESPONSIBILITIES:
Responsible for managing the complete life cycle of highly complex internal projects, including approval, planning, execution, and closeout to ensure planned results are achieved on time and budget Develop comprehensive schedule and drives progress to plan, proactively managing change Work with vendors and team to establish and achieve project goals Ensure that requirements are properly articulated, prioritized and detailed on roadmaps and backlog Identify projects issues, gaps, conflicts, and propose solutions Track critical project deliverables with core team and facilitates solutions when issues arise Work as the liaison between clients, business leads, functional leads, SME’s (subject matter experts), application analysts, developers and other technical team members to assist and document solutions to complex business problems. May act as a Subject Matter Expert in a given area of the organization and provides guidance as needed Address problems through risk management and contingency planning and presents solutions and/or options to executive management. Ensures effective implementation of solutions/changes Facilitate and leads large project meetings to drive delivery. Act as a single point of contact for project status. Maintains communication with stakeholders. Recommend new solutions and projects in alignment with strategic plans and business requirements Demonstrate consistent exercise of independent judgment Write and present effective communications to business sponsors and end-users Demonstrate critical thinking, problem solving ability and initiative Dedicated to continuous process improvement through feedback loops, coaching, retrospectives, and individual improvement
REQUIREMENTS:
Experience running acquisition programs Able to move into an already existing team of SJI members 24-25 strong Experience high volume of workstreams across the organization with high level milestone identified. Experience managing exiting systems and able to determine and drive if systems need to be refined vs discontinued Experience Identifying tasks, creating start and end dates, follow up and ensuring timeline is followed. Experience creating very granular project plans, working closely with the integrations in current IT plans Candidate must have prior exp. using PM Software, SJI willing to train ServiceNow Able to go onsite for meetings with project teams and key stakeholders. A drive of 2 hrs. is acceptable. The team will consider 100% remote for a non-local candidate that has a large offering of experience in acquisitions.
SKILLS:
- Acquisition experience
- Program Manager - Program Management