Title: Business Systems Analyst III
Job ID: SJI213
Display Job ID: SJI213|SJI-SJI-80095
Client: The Oil & Gas Company
Industry: Oil & Energy
Category: Information Technology
Experience Level: Entry Level
Location Type: Onsite
Work From Anywhere: No
SUMMARY:
The client is in need of a Business System Analyst for the IBM Maximo Application. They are looking for a technical resource to support the Enterprise work asset management system where SJI uses the Maximo application. This will be a “contract to hire” arrangement with a 6-month contract and consideration for hiring after the 6-month time frame. This is a hybrid role and the candidate would have to work 2 -3 days from the office. Please submit candidates local to New Jersey or willing to relocate to New Jersey. The candidate will be responsible for the functional application support of the Maximo Work Management System. Functions as the SME (Subject Matter Expert) and business liaison for business functions such as Street Operations, Pipeline, Utility Service, Meter Management, ORS, GIS, Leak Management, Corrosion, Scheduling and outsourced contractors.
RESPONSIBILITIES:
Experience with IBM Maximo 7.6 including Spatial and Utilities modules. Provide support to the client group in identifying issues, understanding the business needs/processes, and providing solutions. Provides the second level of functional support to users with application and process issues, to maintain consistency and standards through-out the enterprise. Escalate problems appropriately. Experience recommending solutions to new requirements and changes to existing Maximo functionality, in the context of existing systems and business processes Work as the applications SME (Subject Matter Expert) to assist with system testing and signoff, prior to loading new releases and patches into production. Work as the business process coordinator through-out the enterprise of users and assist with support of complex business solutions. Coordinate/create testing scripts and validate signoffs with process owners, prior to moving changes into production. Communicate complicated technical concepts to non-technical users. Keep system setup codes, configurations, and documentation up to date to maintain standards and best practices, high performance of the Maximo system, reduce downtime, and high user productivity. Monitor applications performance and recommend improvements. Provide ad-hoc reporting, data queries, and dashboards in Maximo. Experience advance SQL, writing advanced queries, Start Centers and Work Centers. Write and maintain documentation to describe program development, logic, system coding, testing, changes, and corrections in accordance with policy and SOX auditing compliance. Recommends new solutions and upgrades in alignment with strategic plans and business requirements. Maintain user security roadmaps and grids according to user roles and responsibilities. Experience with Message Reprocessing, Cron Tasks, Conditional Expressions Manager, Escalations, Automation Scripts, and other Maximo configuration modules. Assist with Disaster Recovery and Business Continuity functions. Perform other special projects and assignments as required. Perform all duties inherent in all supervisory, professional, and administrative positions. Consistent with all positions in this classification, additional projects, tasks and/or duties beyond what is outlined may be assigned as required.
REQUIREMENTS:
N/A
SKILLS:
None listed