Title: CC&B Business Analyst
Job ID: SJI234
Display Job ID: SJI234|SJI-SJI-7946
Client: The Oil & Gas Company
Industry: Oil & Energy
Category: Information Technology
Experience Level: Entry Level
Location Type: Onsite
Work From Anywhere: No
SUMMARY:
The client is looking for a CC&B Business Analyst to develop functional/technical design solution documents for enhancements to the CC&B system. The candidate must have knowledge and experience with CC&B 2.6. Hybrid role - Candidate will work two days onsite (Tuesday and Wednesday) in the Folsom, NJ office Shift: 8 AM to 5:30 PM Candidate must be fully vaccinated
RESPONSIBILITIES:
• Provide support to the client group in identifying issues, understanding the business needs and providing solutions. • Develop functional/technical design solution documents for enhancements to the CC&B system. • Communicates complicated technical concepts to non-technical users in a team environment • Provides an intermediate level of functional support to end users of the application and can analyze problems and deliver solutions while maintaining the integrity and performance of the application. • Work as the applications subject matter expert to assist with system testing and signoff, prior to loading new releases and patches into production. • Train users on new functionality and process change as needed. Maintains system setup codes, configurations, and documentation up to date in order to maintain standards and best practices, high performance of the system, reduce downtime, and high user productivity. Monitor the application's performance and recommend improvements. • Develops ad-hoc reports and data queries Work as the business process coordinator throughout the enterprise of users and assists with support of complex business solutions. • Recommends new solutions and upgrades in alignment with strategic plans and business requirements. Perform all duties inherent in all supervisory, professional and administrative positions. • Consistent with all positions in this classification, additional projects, tasks and/or duties beyond what is outlined may be assigned as required.
REQUIREMENTS:
N/A
SKILLS:
None listed