Title: Contract Specialist
Job ID: SJI152
Display Job ID: SJI152|SJI-SJI-41227
Client: The Oil & Gas Company
Industry: Oil & Energy
Category: Information Technology
Experience Level: Entry Level
Location Type: Onsite
Work From Anywhere: No
SUMMARY:
This position will be responsible for the review, negotiation and management of customer contracts and will work closely with other VMO & Procurement Specialists, possibly attorneys, as well as management and business professionals within SJI to facilitate timely review and completion of a high volume of contracts and various agreements, in accordance with SJI policies and standards. This individual will also interface with outside providers and peers in connection with these contracts.
RESPONSIBILITIES:
· Review, negotiate and execute a variety of agreements. · Ensure the contracts are executed consistently with policies and SOPs. · Track the status of contracts and projects and regularly communicate to stakeholders. · Archive contracts and manage contract databases. · Respond to inquiries and requests regarding contracts status and provide guidance with good customer service. · Interface with external clients and partners. · Track review volume and turnaround time, and report to management. · Manage and distribute templates and other documents. · Utilize all existing means to facilitate the efficient execution of agreements
REQUIREMENTS:
· Proficient in Oral & Written communication skills. · Proficient in Microsoft (Excel,Word, Outlook, adobe acrobat etc.) · Minimum of 3 years of direct working experience, preferably in technology rich environment. · Demonstrated ability managing and negotiating contracts and driving to a value-based closure. · Understanding of contract process and common business practices. · High proficiency in legal writing;excellent verbal and written communication skills in English. · Ability to perform under tight time pressure, multitask and comply with deadlines. · Strong prioritization and organizational skills; excellent attention to detail. · Ability to work independently and interact confidently with management, business areas as well as external clients. · Ability to quickly learn new information, and conduct risk/benefit analysis; strong analytical skills;demonstrated business acumen. · Demonstrated team player · Bachelor’s Degree required. Major in legal studies or business studies preferred. · Paralegal certification would be a plus. · Minimum of 2 years of relevant experience in contract review, negotiation and management.
SKILLS:
None listed