Title: Content Art Director - Freelance
Job ID: AVON087
Display Job ID: AVON087|AN-AST-56832
Client: The Cosmetic Company A
Industry: Cosmetics
Category: Marketing
Experience Level: Entry Level
Location Type: Onsite
Work From Anywhere: No
SUMMARY:
About the Role Strategic and conceptual thinker with a background in branding, print collateral and editorial design. Art Director will report to the Senior Art Director. You will visually represent our updated positioning. Will partner with Merchant, Sales, Public Relations and Production teams to ensure that all business objectives are met.
RESPONSIBILITIES:
Candidates can work 100% remote. Candidate must be available to work EST hours.
REQUIREMENTS:
Responsibilities • Creatively conceptualize and accomplish modern, fresh designs including brochure layout. Marketing flyers, event collateral, corporate branding elements etc. • A strong eye towards what is next and innovative. • Provide creative leadership. • Strong time management, logic, reasoning and problem-solving skills. • Partner and collaborate with cross-functional partners to achieve creative execution in accordance with project briefs. • Take direction from brief and pro-actively look for opportunities to improve projects. • Can evaluate creative and convey constructive feedback to designers to grow their skills while elevating the creative. • Work with copy and photography teams to help enhance projects. • Manage and art direct still life and model photography. Qualifications • 6+ years: either in-house or agency-side experience specifically in beauty or fashion. • Proficiency Adobe Design Suite (Photoshop, Illustrator, In-design). • Highly creative in generating new ideas – on trend. • Take ownership attitude. • An understanding of relevant beauty, fashion and design trends and how they relate to the business. • Willingness to be reactive, flexible, and resourceful in a very fast-paced environment. • Experience collaborating cross-functionally, as well as in a team. • Portfolio showing skills in both design and conceptual thinking in print. • A refined taste level with expert design, printing, photography and typography skills. • Experience in print production cycle and retouching.
SKILLS:
None listed