Title: Corporate Security Admin Assistant
Job ID: SJI280
Display Job ID: SJI280|SJI-SJI-86017
Client: The Oil & Gas Company
Industry: Oil & Energy
Category: Admin & Clerical
Experience Level: Entry Level
Location Type: Hybrid
Work From Anywhere: No
SUMMARY:
The client is looking for a Corporate Security Admin Assistant. The ideal candidate will have experience in handling badging and building access requests within a Corporate Facility and verifying / matching invoices based on cost center, spend category etc., preferably with Workday or Access Control systems like Feenics and Premises. This is an onsite role. The candidate will be working onsite a minimum of 3 days per week - Monday, Tuesday & Wednesday. Thursdays & Fridays are flexible and onsite work will be as required.
RESPONSIBILITIES:
Roles and responsibilities for this position include, but are not limited to: Performing (under some supervision) assigned tasks that support day-to-day activities and project goals. Following appropriate methods and techniques in performing tasks and preparing related reports. Collaborating with supervisory personnel to develop routine methods. Recommending alternatives, examining new methods and techniques and possibly proactively seeking out senior personnel to discuss potential solutions to problems. Participating in group meetings. Possibly presenting results of work, interpreting data, and drawing conclusions regarding presented material and nature of work This role will develop professional expertise and apply company policies and procedures to resolve a variety of issues. You will work on problems of moderate scope where analysis of situations or data requires a review of a variety of factors. It is expected that you will exercise judgment within defined procedures and practices to determine appropriate action. Additionally, you will build productive internal/external working relationships. It is expected that your role applies intermediate level skills to projects or assignments within own group/project team You will receive general instructions on routine work and receive detailed instructions on new projects or assignments. Your role typically reports to Managers Additionally, the level and nature of interaction of your role includes: Working under direct guidance on a component of a project, interacting primarily within the job family This is a a role that contributes through own efforts and application of expertise, skills, or tasks.​
REQUIREMENTS:
Prior experience handling badging and building access requests within a Corporate Facility. Verifying / matching invoices based on cost center, spend category, etc., preferably with Workday or Access Control systems like Feenics and Premises Project Coordination
SKILLS:
None listed