Title: Customer Service Complaints Analyst
Job ID: SJI194
Display Job ID: SJI194|SJI-SJI-57840
Client: The Oil & Gas Company
Industry: Oil & Energy
Category: Customer Service
Experience Level: Entry Level
Location Type: Onsite
Work From Anywhere: No
SUMMARY:
A career in Customer Service will provide the opportunity to provide customer service relating to billing/collections as well as customer inquiries. This typically includes ensuring that good customer relations are maintained, and customer claims and complaints are resolved fairly and effectively, in a timely manner and in accordance with the consumer laws. Verifies the identity of new and existing customers. Additionally, this involves ensuring good customer relations are maintained. ​ Roles within Customer Service are responsible for providing the best possible service in relation to billing inquiries, credit and collection, service requests (usually related to gas turn-ons), suggestions, and complaints, customer verification, as well as social media interactions. This includes ensuring positive interactions at the call centers and customer service walk-In centers. The team is responsible for tracking BPU complaints and other mandated customer experience metrics. This also includes providing and monitoring energy assistance to those who qualify. Hours: Flexible - 8am - 4:30pm EST , 7am -3:30 PM or 9am - 5pm) Start as remote - plan April 18th to reopen offices and will move to a hybrid 2 days remote + 3 days onsite in the office ****candidate must be fully vaccinated****
RESPONSIBILITIES:
Provide oversight and daily support for a fast paced, high volume service line within a unionized call center. Monitor daily incoming/outgoing Collection Calls. Review Commercial Deposit Waiver requests and provide details/recommended action to management. Provide support for complex customer inquiries or escalations. Ensure positive interactions among team and with customers through a respectful and inclusive work environment. Coordinate with other CX Teams (Customer Service, Billing, Dispatch etc.) in support of the Collections Team ​
REQUIREMENTS:
Qualifications Demonstrated success in Customer Service or Collections/Account Receivable role preferred Other Skills and Requirements: Strong Excel and Word skills Ability to multi-task and handle pressure in a high volume, fast paced work environment Strong written and verbal communication skills Must foster an inclusive work environment and value all aspects of diversity Strong analytical and problem-solving skills Must promote a positive team environment Demonstrate(d) commitment to being innovative, accountable, and reliable
SKILLS:
None listed