Title: Customer Service Representative
Job ID: AVON052
Display Job ID: AVON052|AN-AST-6691
Client: The Cosmetic Company A
Industry: Cosmetics
Category: Customer Service
Experience Level: Entry Level
Location Type: Onsite
Work From Anywhere: No
SUMMARY:
Avon’s Care Center is an extension of our sales organization. The role of the team is to educate and support our Sales Representatives regarding our products, digital tools and assets, and account issues with a focus on helping them to grow their customer base and overall sales. You will also use your knowledge around products, business processes, compensation structure, incentives and overall business to assist the Representative/Leader/customer in solving problems, using our products and growing their business. THIS IS A REMOTE WORK FROM HOME POSITION
RESPONSIBILITIES:
•Maintain a working knowledge of our website and mobile applications, products and business initiatives •Engage knowledgeably and confidently when working with Representatives or customers •Establish a connection with every Representative and customer •Focus on resolution when addressing complaints •Navigate multiple websites and applications to research issues and log and track details of each interaction •Be a product knowledge expert who can explain the features and benefits of our products •Must be willing and able to start on 2/21/22 and complete a 4 week training course Mon-Fri from 9 AM-5:30 PM EST •Upon completion of training you will be required to move to second shift hours specified as M-F 2:30pm – 11:00pm EST
REQUIREMENTS:
•Minimum two years of proven customer service experience i.e. bank tellers, retail sales, food service •Preferred 2 years in call center environment handling phone, chat and e-mail inquiries •High school diploma •Proficiency with Microsoft Outlook, Word and Excel •Experience navigating both desktop and mobile applications •You have previously taught others how to navigate both desktop and mobile applications using voice or co-browse •Experience influencing, inspiring, and mobilizing individuals •Experience transitioning between channels while servicing customers, including voice, email and chat (including co-browse) •Professional workspace including the ability to make the space fully private (i.e. four walls and a door) as well as access to directly connect to internet access Technology Requirements (Avon does not provide these items, or financial assistance in purchasing) ISP bandwidth: 200mbps(minimum if service is shared among 5 or less) 500mbps(required if shared among 6 or more) Wireless connections are not an acceptable connection. A direct connection to your ISP router is required. Laptop or Desktop Computer: Windows10 OS (required) Processor I5(minimum) I7(recommended) Memory– 8GB (minimum) PC only. Apple/Mac products are not an acceptable computer device. Webcam(Required) Integrated if part of a laptop or external if desktop and/or not integrated Necessary to support team meetings and technical troubleshooting Must be positioned so that your camera provides a view of your face You should be clearly visible with no filter that pixelates or otherwise distorts the ability for others to see you Webcam is required to always be on during training and you must be prepared to turn on your Webcam at any time during your shift Virus Protection (required): Current software installed and active Recommended Software McAfee Symantic TrendMicro Norton Computer Monitors – Two screens are mandatory. Please consider the following setup requirements: If primary system is a laptop computer: Laptop display must be 20” or larger. In addition to your laptop display an additional 20” or larger monitor is required Requires HDMI or USB-C cable from laptop to second monitor If primary system is a desktop computer: Desktop display must be 20” or larger. In addition to your desktop display an additional 20” or larger monitor is required External USB keyboard and mouse are required for all setups. Headset – Over the ear headsets are required to support team meetings via Microsoft Teams USB over the ear headset with built in noise cancelling technology are preferred Recommended brands Plantronics Jabra Sennheiser Note: Wireless options are available but not recommended due to instability issues. If using a wireless option an over the ear headset must be within reach should any issues arise.
SKILLS:
- Customer Service Representative Customer Service