Title: Freelance Digital Copywriter
Job ID: AVON057
Display Job ID: AVON057|AN-AST-67792
Client: The Cosmetic Company A
Industry: Cosmetics
Category: Marketing
Experience Level: Entry Level
Location Type: Onsite
Work From Anywhere: No
SUMMARY:
Description At Avon, beauty is more than skin deep. We are inspired by our community of passionate women; yesterday, today, and tomorrow. Avon is all about celebrating each other and our achievements in business and in life, inviting others to join us, and committing to be a force for good. About the Role An experienced digital copywriter is essential to uphold the brand voice and communicate using digital best practices. The writer will ensure accuracy, consistency and keep business strategies at the forefront to meet company goals and KPIs. This position will be responsible for Avon.com campaign copy that drives 360 alignment across all digital channels and supports personalization of B2C and B2B online site segmentations that refresh bi-weekly. This position reports to the Copy Manager, Digital Creative.
RESPONSIBILITIES:
Responsibilities Write campaigns copy for Avon.com to support 360 alignment and personalization across Consumer and Representative audiences segmented by journey, behavior and user experience in multiple site placements. Own and write to Avon.com “key journeys” that support Consumer and Representative business strategies and KPIs. Work with digital merchandisers to review and implement direction from content/merchandising calendar to craft personalized copy for various segmentations. Work with Marketing, Designers, Legal, Regulatory and Translators. Understand and observe copy deadlines. Collaborate with social media team to craft witty and educational product posts. Write for seasonality to include special holiday collections: Valentine's Day, Easter, Mother's Day, Father's Day, Black Friday, Cyber Monday, Holiday, etc. Work with email marketing team to deliver email copy, blog copy, etc. Work with designers and copywriters to ensure SEO in copy deliverables. Create copy for landing pages, category pages, etc.
REQUIREMENTS:
N/A
SKILLS:
None listed