Title: Quality Assurance Test Engineer (Manual)
Job ID: PROSPD0038
Display Job ID: PROSPD0038|PRS-PHO-27580
Client: Prosperix
Industry: Information Technology and Services
Category: Information Technology
Experience Level: Entry Level
Location Type: Remote
Work From Anywhere: Yes
SUMMARY:
Company Description: Prosperix is a Silicon Valley based tech company with a mission to develop innovation that helps businesses build an extraordinary workforce. We are doing things others think are impossible. We seek to wow our clients and build solutions that add great value. As a software and services provider, the company is an innovation leader in the domain of workforce hiring and management. The main tenets that drive the company’s philosophy are: The right people can dramatically impact the success of a business. When individuals and businesses are aligned, great results and outcomes are possible. Innovation that combines the use of technology and people in a meaningful way is the path to the future. Today’s workforce must be global, empowered, agile, transparent, flexible, high performing, and diverse. Powered by an unparalleled technology stack with cutting edge features, Prosperix is pioneering a new ecosystem for workforce hiring and management which combines a high-tech platform with high-touch service capabilities. The hybrid approach produces unrivalled results allowing organizations to build a talented workforce quickly and efficiently. Position Overview: We are looking for a results-driven Manual tester to be responsible for designing and running tests on software usability. The Manual tester will conduct tests, analyze the results, and report observations to the design team. You may also interact with clients in order to understand the requirements of the product. To be successful as a Manual tester, you should have a working knowledge of software and test design, the capability to run through tests, and the ability to analyze the results. Ultimately, the manual tester should be result-driven, have good communication skills, and up-to-date knowledge of software programming and software test design.
RESPONSIBILITIES:
· Reviewing software requirements and preparing test scenarios · Executing tests on software usability · Analyzing test results on database impacts, errors or bugs, and usability · Preparing reports on all aspects related to the software testing carried out and reporting to the design team · Interacting with clients to understand product requirements · Participating in design reviews and providing input on requirements, product design, and potential problems
REQUIREMENTS:
N/A
SKILLS:
- Manual Tester
- QA Methodologies